DG improve manual testing (#378)
AY2122S1-CS2103T-F13-3/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

### Saving data

**Dealing with missing data files<br>**
* Test case: The data folder does not have the file `addressbook.json`. Open TAB.<br>

>   Expected: TAB shows no students. Person list has been reset to empty.

Reviewer: I thought for missing files TAB will create the file with the sample data?

**Dealing with corrupted data files<br>**

> Prerequisites: TAB has an initial list of students.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Prerequisites: addressbook.json has an initial list of students.
```
